Hello UTB psycho artur and today
joyful news for all those who waited
My modpack for patch version 099
finally I actually washed this mod
pak by the way for the first time collected it himself
manually not without the help of course the service
who previously collected Dima modpak but
Now I will play the prince on the idea myself
like this show as well as nothing
I have not changed, that is, I have everything here
main mods that are needed for
comfortable game is nothing superfluous
that is, as you see, it is removed for stupid
fog which of course add by
atmospheric but because of him not a fig
it is clear that everything is now clearly straightforward
straight nice to see there is stabilization
that is, nothing moves no
jumps in sight when you go to eat
Of course, my favorite server is cross
Sight well, and all the gingerbread and sleep mods
inclusive and in sniper scope
The multiplicity with which you are displayed
actually zoom in here
I have my favorite frequency of 48
16 and basically nothing special about this
there is no modpak except perhaps
only
xvm ABC config someone who did more
one king pea tuner bout is also one of
my mates are actually here for those
who's new has never seen this mod
pak explain on the left
the figure is seven thousand three hundred and 19 this
the number of battles on the tank further 41000
this is the total number of battles
then a personal rating of efficiency of 1744 and then
percent of victories accordingly
opponents just as well 19b in this
how much is on his tank
10k fights this is how much it is
total fights then his rating
efficiency and winning percentage is such
here's a little thing there is also a log panel damage
damage that's what i say i need
for a comfortable and enjoyable game and all that
without any tricked out
installer who will powder you
registry shorter windows and
let's say so for litter com computer
here you can add at will
some kind of medic delete something that
to correct
that is, everything is done for people done
so as i like as you know in old
good times when that's done paki
every water chore just did well somehow
what he enjoys ie he enjoys
so a dresser means he does
corresponding modpack and now everything
try to do some assembly no
boys we have no assembly here
only the most so simple
old school theme thanks for watching
if you like this magician pack not
forget to put a class under this video
good luck to all